we're working on provider strategies
introducing more provider strategies are
a newer provider strategy take over a
jump in at any any point so our our
current issues is that the strategy for
determining which nodes to provide our
current strategy isn't sufficient it it
basically when we add work work I'm
advertising again we're providing too
many nodes so this was cropped up is
likely if you try to do an IP FSI on NPM
it just my understandings it just takes
forever to complete if never completes
and that's because it's having to do
pitch of advertising for all of the
individual individual blocks and so it
ends up happening is that we turn off
content routing to do that ad and so our
goal is to allow you to do 250 times not
we have just working on the simulations
to compare different strategies that
we're working on or that we're going to
be comparing looking at we have to come
up with a provider record to format for
our advertised notes what that looks
like the shape of it how to we have to
figure out how to encode info for which
notes to provide so that if I if we have
a strategy for deciding which notes to
provide when you fetch those notes you
you're using the same strategy to
provide this name this thing knows and
then is a deterministic strategy or is
it kind of - right yeah we implant the
presentation like like Michael said
currently we're basically he like
providing for every block and that's
just like at some point before we even
done doing that we have to like to start
reading what we're currently doing and
then we're just like infinite like not
ever getting like getting the first
iteration done so what we are like doing
instead would we like like ideas thing
but like that's like really not feasible
to see like have a lot of provider
records store it at the do only for the
room no but like with a lot of
information side so like another thing
we considered is like only like only
make these work over the entire subtree
but only to the entire subtree until you
hit the next anchor know like the next
node that's that's going to be provided
which has like similar problems but like
that's bad because it's like you can for
example provides the the index of like
for example the FBM registry which is
like maybe it's like a couple megabytes
maybe a couple tens or hundreds of
megabytes but it's look like terrorize
the data so you can for example provide
for the index provide the index of NPM
or or which media and without providing
without storing all the data which is
the index and providing the index so I
especially for like the the subtree case
it's like for for the for the case where
you only provide the subtree up to the
next anchor nodes you can say okay even
if i just install one package i have to
you download the entire index you
download like every time you done with
the subtrees of everything and then
announce these but then you first you
download a lot more data than you
initially requested and you seek more
data than you initially request it and
you don't actually know what the data is
so that's also like not like maybe it's
like not what you really want so but at
the end of the day what we what do we
really like to see is that even if you
just request a little more turn off the
data you still see that data and not
like teaching a patron comes so like
another strategy we were discussing what
we like really at the end of the
discussion is that you like in the
provider record like clearly say which
parts of this subtree you can seed and
kind of like offer for download and yeah
that's like a lot of different options
like first we were talking a bit fields
at like bloom filters and it's it's like
still up to discussion and we're
you about it but it's like like one
one main criticism is like encoding too
much information in the provider record
makes them too large and also if
everyone agrees on the same provider
we're gonna have a lot of these so too
much into this I think this is basically
what we talked about let's discuss oh
yeah maybe there's like different
solutions we haven't there's been tons
of discussion we never - be involved in
some form or another in all the
discussions and even the very last one
we went off with there was no like
conclusive anything that came out of
this I think that the thing they were
going to end up with is probably to be
different than everything we talked
about this
I guess I don't think we can all agree
on is that like a lot of these dependent
only use case by use case and requires a
lot of experimentation rather and so
like developing a bunch of bench
warrants a bunch of the tests like set
up different network topologies and
different use cases will then get us to
have better informed decisions
yeah we have here we have like there's
more than this but we're working on
coming up with some metrics that we can
start using to compare compare different
solutions possibly coming up with some
functions I think you do some like some
analysis on compare also coming up to
figuring out what we wrote educators
here but it's really just like what are
all the cases so like one of those cases
is just like a linear tree you brought
up the excellent in case of like but
reading look you know floats backing on
itself
what your to figure out that in all of
the other cases and like we just have it
like in the discussions we mostly focus
on trees because that's what you have
with NPM or Turkish Wikipedia but what
happens when somebody does something
else like if we if you merge and use bit
fields do you like to duplicate all the
information for the for the emerge note
or
so for that Muncie that's probably a
good and paranoid case would be these
wrinkles yeah I'd say there's still a
lot there's so much discussion